How was my company’s 
performance over the last 3 
quarters?
• Which industry segments 
and offerings have out 
performed in the last 
quarter?
• What are the key strategies 
announced by my company 
in the last quarter and what 
was the market reaction to 
those strategies?





• How is the company’s 
performance in the current 
quarter?
• Will the company meet 
market expectations and 
financial guidance in the 
current quarter?



• How is my service line 
performance in the current 
quarter?
• Which segments and 
offering are 
underperforming?
• What are the key reasons 
for underperformance in 
segment X?



• Based on the projected 
current quarter financial 
performance what is the 
likely market reaction?
• Based on the projected 
current quarter financial 
performance what are the 
likely questions that 
analysts are likely to pose?
